Hi, my name is Zechen Ma (he/him/his). I am a third year CS major. I enjoy programming and debugging with others where we can mutually inspire each other, which is the reason why I am so excited to be your learning assistant to help you in CS 16! I had been a Stats tutor teaching a rudimentary statistics class in my second year. It turned out that mastering the basic concepts actually enhanced my comprehension in understanding more advanced terminologies that helped me succeed in my upper division Stats courses. So feel free to treat me as your peer programmers. I indeed enjoy the process of teaching others and myself at the same time. 

CS16 is probably going to be the first class you get to know C++. It is so essential that everything you are dealing with later in your career will look similar. This class does not end after your final exam. You will be using C++ lots of times moving into more advanced classes and everything will be cumulative. Make sure you fully understand what is going on when learning all the datatypes. It is what I have gone through that makes C++ be the programming language that I am most familiar with. I hope my programming knowledge and experience will assist you not only in digesting the class-related concepts but also applying your skills to more practical applications. I was doing IOS app-development this summer using SwiftUI, which is a similar language with C++ but not exactly the same. I might not be an app-development expert yet, but I am more than happy to talk to you about any of it if you are interested!

In my free time, I love playing the piano. I am particularly fascinated in my national music. If you would like to know more about chinese music as well as some masterpieces inspired by asian music using pentatonic scales, feel free to reach out! I also really like cooking. I should be able to answer your questions in most cases. If you don’t know which frying pan to pick, or struggling with which steak tastes better, just ask!


